---
title: "Warm Evenings, Warmer Posts"
date: 2022-08-14T22:18:14-05:00
draft: false
tags: ["goals","accountability","picks"]
categories: ["goals"]
---

# Welcome Back
I sincerly hope you enjoyed reading my first post! Since my first post, I have learned a couple things:

* I had *not* secured my site on Netlify (oops)
* Securing it was very easy after I got it going
* Git was much easier than I originally thought

These all seem like very integral lessons to me! I think I may have had a breakthrough in what I would consider for my ultimate goal: **SysAdmin**

## But, What Lead Me Here?
Well, dear reader, to put it bluntly, a programmer I am not. I would love nothing more than to develop some pretty sweet ideas I've had bumping around in my head for awhile, but, alas, every time I sit to code or learn, I become extremely overwhelmed. I get a thrill in setting up new systems and guiding folks into a whole new land of operating their system, Windows or not. I would love nothing more than to re-learn all those networking skills and Windows Server, or even better *Linux Server Admin*.

### What I Stand to Gain (or lose)
Everything. Dear reader, I have been in a rut for a good while. I have felt stuck in the AirCap paradigm. While I may not be able to move cities, I am sure there is a place for me somewhere. 
I attended college at a now defunct school and gained some knowledge, however, this was just at the precipise of Google gaining its foothold in all markets. By the time I had exited college, all of this schools course material (and by proxy, answers to stuff that I couldn't figure out) were all over the web. I did so poorly in a couple classes, I had to wind up using my internetisms to get a passing grade and Programming was at the top of that list. 

## How I Can Start TODAY to obtain these new goals

* Firstly, learn and learn often. My road will be fairly long and probably a pretty penny, too. A+ and Network+ are not cheap to do by really any stretch. I might be able to start with a Linux Essentials course and go for that route as well. 

* Secondly, get caught up with the latest tech and trends in the market. Its been about a decade since I have graduated college and tech has evolved. Cloud computing was just taking off big time. In the time since college (and just before I graduated) Google Drive was launched, Docker and Kubernetes started in 2013 and 2014, respectfully, cloud native exploded, SaaS and IaaS have come up, and thats just a few! 

* Thirdly, stay nimble. Stagnation will be my enemy and I cannot let it. Hell, I learned that IT has become ICT (Information and Communication Technology) just this evening. 

I begun looking at the Linux Professional Institute's Linux Essentials course docs this eve, just before writing this. I will probably go over lesson 1.1 again, just to make sure I understand the course material. 

## So, what now?
For now, I sleep. Today was an action packed day of waking up at 5am to go to the gym, doing Diecast Car Racing, where I got a solid second place and my best car wasnt too far behind the best car in the whole 16, a family event, then some gaming with my wife. Tomorrow is a new day and I will go over the course material for 1.1 again after work, or even at lunch. 
I hope you enjoyed the read! I hope your weekend went as expected and was full of fulfilment. Take some time for yourself and have that cup of coffee! I know I will be in the morning! 

## This Weeks FOSS Pick
Oh, I almost forgot! I would love to do a weekly FOSS pick of something I use or have started using as of late. This week, I have to give it up to Remarkable. This is the Markdown editor I use ALL the time. It is a very intutive piece of software that uses Github-flavored markdown, but, supports regular expression as well. It syntax highlights and has a live viewer that shows you your output. Its lightweight and you can get it on Windows or Linux. You can find them at [Remarkable](https://remarkableapp.github.io/)

As always, be kind to one another. 